## Analyze energy data with Pandas

This small project contains a code snippet that shows how
to use Python and in particular Pandas to analyze energy
data. For more information about Pandas look [here](https://pandas.pydata.org)

Please look at the [wiki](https://github.com/mbonvini/EnergyAnalysisWithPandas/wiki)
for more information and see the results.

### Data

The data used by the script is located in the `/raw_data` folder
and consists of five csv files.
Each file contains measurements for a single house. The measured quantities
are

- root mean square (RMS) voltage,
- RMS current,
- active (real) power

Please note that the data has been generated by an algorithm and does
not correspond to real home energy usage nor it contains any personal
information.

### Usage

To run the script provided in this example simply run

```
python ./script.py
```

from the folder containing the file `script.py`.

### Dependencies

The script has been tested with

- [Numpy](https://www.numpy.org) version 1.9.3,
- [Pandas](https://pandas.pydata.org) version 0.16.2,
- [Matplotlib](https://matplotlib.org) version 1.4.3

### Authors

- Marco Bonvini

### Contributions

Contributions are welcome! If you'd like to contribute please submit a pull request
with the changes you'd like to implement.

### License

The MIT License (MIT)
Copyright (c) 2016 Marco Bonvini

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy of this software 
and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal in the Software without restriction, 
including without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, 
sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the 
Software is furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all copies or 
substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT 
NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. 
IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, 
WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH 
THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.
